docs/docs/Math/UeBox2.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 9
---

A 2D axis-aligned bounding box (AABB) class that defines a rectangle using minimum and maximum Vector2 corners. Useful for spatial partitioning, collision checks, and geometric operations in 2D space.

---

## Constructor

```js
new UeBox2(min = new UeVector2(infinity, infinity), max = new UeVector2(-infinity, -infinity))
```

### Data parameters

| Name  | Type        | Default                  | Description               |
| ----- | ----------- | ------------------------ | ------------------------- |
| `min` | `UeVector2` | `(infinity, infinity)`   | Minimum corner of the box |
| `max` | `UeVector2` | `(-infinity, -infinity)` | Maximum corner of the box |


## Methods

| Method                               | Returns     | Description                                                          |
| ------------------------------------ | ----------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `clone()`                            | `UeBox2`    | Returns a copy of this box                                           |
| `set(min, max)`                      | `self`      | Sets the min and max corners of the box                              |
| `makeEmpty()`                        | `self`      | Empties the box so it contains no points                             |
| `isEmpty()`                          | `boolean`   | Returns `true` if the box is empty (max < min)                       |
| `setFromPoints(points)`              | `self`      | Expands the box to fit a set of 2D points (array of UeVector2 or flat array [x0,y0,x1,y1,...]) |
| `setFromCenterAndSize(center, size)` | `self`      | Builds the box using a center point and size                         |
| `copy(box)`                          | `self`      | Copies the bounds from another box                                   |
| `expandByPoint(point)`               | `self`      | Expands the box to include a given point (UeVector2)                 |
| `expandByScalar(scalar)`             | `self`      | Expands the box in all directions by a scalar                        |
| `expandByVector(vec)`                | `self`      | Expands the box in all directions by a vector                        |
| `containsPoint(point)`               | `boolean`   | Returns `true` if the point is inside the box (point: UeVector2)    |
| `containsBox(box)`                   | `boolean`   | Returns `true` if the given box is fully inside this box             |
| `intersect(box)`                     | `self`      | Updates this box to be the intersection of itself and another        |
| `intersectsBox(box)`                 | `boolean`   | Returns `true` if the two boxes intersect                            |
| `union(box)`                         | `self`      | Merges this box with another, expanding the bounds                   |
| `getCenter(target)`                 | `UeVector2` | Returns the center point of the box                                  |
| `getSize(target)`                   | `UeVector2` | Returns the size (width, height) of the box                          |
| `getParameter(point, target)`       | `UeVector2` | Returns normalized coordinates of a point relative to the box (0..1) (point: UeVector2) |
| `clampPoint(point, target)`         | `UeVector2` | Clamps a point to stay within the box limits (point: UeVector2)     |
| `distanceToPoint(point)`             | `number`    | Returns distance from point to the box (0 if point is inside) (point: UeVector2) |
| `translate(offset)`                  | `self`      | Moves the box by an offset                                           |
| `equals(box)`                        | `boolean`   | Checks whether this box is equal to another (min and max match)      |

Commit message:

feat(bounding-box): add setFromBufferAttribute method to UeBox2/3
Add new method to create bounding boxes from flat array buffers with optional offset.
Update documentation and add comprehensive tests for the new functionality.
Refactor UeBox3's applyMatrix4 method to use temporary vector instead of array.

docs/docs/Math/UeBox2.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 9
---

A 2D axis-aligned bounding box (AABB) class that defines a rectangle using minimum and maximum Vector2 corners. Useful for spatial partitioning, collision checks, and geometric operations in 2D space.

---

## Constructor

```js
new UeBox2(min = new UeVector2(infinity, infinity), max = new UeVector2(-infinity, -infinity))
```

### Data parameters

| Name  | Type        | Default                  | Description               |
| ----- | ----------- | ------------------------ | ------------------------- |
| `min` | `UeVector2` | `(infinity, infinity)`   | Minimum corner of the box |
| `max` | `UeVector2` | `(-infinity, -infinity)` | Maximum corner of the box |


## Methods

| Method                               | Returns     | Description                                                          |
| ------------------------------------ | ----------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `clone()`                            | `UeBox2`    | Returns a copy of this box                                           |
| `set(min, max)`                      | `self`      | Sets the min and max corners of the box                              |
| `makeEmpty()`                        | `self`      | Empties the box so it contains no points                             |
| `isEmpty()`                          | `boolean`   | Returns `true` if the box is empty (max < min)                       |
| `setFromPoints(points)`              | `self`      | Expands the box to fit a set of 2D points (array of UeVector2 or flat array [x0,y0,x1,y1,...]) |
| `setFromBufferAttribute(buffer, offset)` | `self`      | Sets the box from a flat array of positions (like BufferAttribute) with optional offset |
| `setFromCenterAndSize(center, size)` | `self`      | Builds the box using a center point and size                         |
| `copy(box)`                          | `self`      | Copies the bounds from another box                                   |
| `expandByPoint(point)`               | `self`      | Expands the box to include a given point (UeVector2)                 |
| `expandByScalar(scalar)`             | `self`      | Expands the box in all directions by a scalar                        |
| `expandByVector(vec)`                | `self`      | Expands the box in all directions by a vector                        |
| `containsPoint(point)`               | `boolean`   | Returns `true` if the point is inside the box (point: UeVector2)    |
| `containsBox(box)`                   | `boolean`   | Returns `true` if the given box is fully inside this box             |
| `intersect(box)`                     | `self`      | Updates this box to be the intersection of itself and another        |
| `intersectsBox(box)`                 | `boolean`   | Returns `true` if the two boxes intersect                            |
| `union(box)`                         | `self`      | Merges this box with another, expanding the bounds                   |
| `getCenter(target)`                 | `UeVector2` | Returns the center point of the box                                  |
| `getSize(target)`                   | `UeVector2` | Returns the size (width, height) of the box                          |
| `getParameter(point, target)`       | `UeVector2` | Returns normalized coordinates of a point relative to the box (0..1) (point: UeVector2) |
| `clampPoint(point, target)`         | `UeVector2` | Clamps a point to stay within the box limits (point: UeVector2)     |
| `distanceToPoint(point)`             | `number`    | Returns distance from point to the box (0 if point is inside) (point: UeVector2) |
| `translate(offset)`                  | `self`      | Moves the box by an offset                                           |
| `equals(box)`                        | `boolean`   | Checks whether this box is equal to another (min and max match)      |
